----

20140822.1625

I have git working & I am trying it on my local desktop machine. 
Let's see if I can get this change into the web site without wanting to kill 
someone...

----

20140822.1433

So now I'm doing this thing:
https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git

And I know that it is already installed - so I'm thinking that I'll just cake-walk through this until I get to the commands & 
THEN ... THEN I'll finally start focusing on the work & not the miasma of the dogmatic cultural echo-chamber embued in all facets
of this 'tech-stack'.

And I got all the way to STEP 4 before I took an ice-pick to the forehead:
"Tell Git the email address that will be associated with your Git commits. The email you specify should be the same one you used 
to sign up for GitHub. To keep your email address hidden, see "Keeping your email address private"."

And *of course* the first thing that I did was to click on that link & read up on how I can basically make a proxy account 
*through GitHub* where then THEY track it back to me.

Um... WTF?

Wave Goodbye to the days of writing anonymous code?  Are you shitting me?

Look - I GET that if I'm posting things publically to ShitHub then of course people realize where it is coming from.  But 
*every* time I commit something I have to not just put some throwaway unix handle or role name on it - but an email address too?

In an age where every single piece of identifying information should be suppressed - we are gathering identity information at
the root development level?

WHY?

Now I have to create & maintain separate accounts for projects with conflicting interests and I have to worry that I NEVER set
a default global user for commits so that if I FORGET once I don't have to delve into the black art of hacking history....

Well that is some seriously unfriendly shit.

:sigh:

Now I infer that the meta-data for all of these documents is easily farmable.  Way to give up the goods By Design fellas...

This gets uglier each time I try.

I am literally getting a stomach-ache from this.

----

20140822.1415

This time I tried to watch a video.

Dorky skinny dude wearing a blue T-shirt and affected hipster nerd glasses.

<CLICK>

::double-facepalm::



----

20140822.1349

So here I go & I'm looking to learn.

At OS/X terminal I begin:

blackwash:~ gregor42$ man git

NAME
       git - the stupid content tracker


cntl-C cntl-C cntl-C *cntl-C* **cntl-C** !!!

::Deep breaths::

::Nervously get up and pace around aimlessly for a few minutes.::

Back to terminal...

----

20140822.1345

I have to poke around & find out if this everything-in-lower-case-with-no-spaces *thing* is The Protocol, or if I am imagining
such things in my over-zealous analysis of ShitHUb culture.

----

20140822.1340

Gah.  Imagine me as a n00b again.  Ugh.. Fuuuuuck y'all.  I've done this sooooo many times before & yet...

Here we go again.

So the New Dimension of this experiment is going to involve :gasp: ME using Git.   (!?!?!)

WhyTF would I do this?  

Simple.

I have ALWAYS maintained that you cannot bash something in any genuine way without first giving it the proper fair shake & seeing 
if you actually have it sussed out or if you've perhaps, as happens too often, *missed the point*.

This isn't the first time we have met.

We have danced before.

Back then I chose Mercurial over you...  And we have had glorious times together.

It is only for the sake of this Peer Pressure shit that I am indulging in this presumably masochistic exercise.

It simply would not do to talk out of one's ass about things with which one was not properly acquianited.

Thus .. Renewed Acquaintance.

----
