Years later when the hubub died down & any previous sign of shenanigans is gone.  Who ultimately cared?  No one.

It is & was a ghost town.  The politics of this place are off the deep end.  It makes you think twice who you are sharing information with.  Especially metadata.

WTF is is with "You People"?

-----

And here is where gaming the system comes back to haunt you...

-----

Well, I doubled it.  i did pretty well for a long time.  And yet now I find that the downside is as great as the uptick

Social Media makes you FEEL IMPORTANT.... for a little while.  Then you fade into the surrounding backgournd din & the let-down
is the same curve as the ride up...

OR maybe I'm bipolar.... Hard to say

-----

20 days in... oh yeah.

------


I am on a 15 day streak of contributions - thanks to me connecting to a desktop remotely from my iphone with Teamviewer & 
commiting a itsy-bitsy change just larger than a TOUCH while away at a wedding.

I find the green squares next to my Minecraft creeper face avatar to be *quite fitting*.

------
OK we have now shit the proverbial bed.

The contribution below registers for today - but the Issue that I created counts for tomorrow.  And I did that hours ago.

Like SRSLY WTF?

------

The green squares have rebelled.  I apparently did my work too late in the day & it counted it as what appears to me to be
tomorrow by my local timezone reckoning...

I wonder what they use?  GMT?  One would only assume so.  Now I am curious.

-------

I am compelled to keep messing with the Little Green Squares.

I have a 6 day streak.  What Does That MEAN?  I mean in the Reality kind of perspective?

Not a lot.

But I have been trying all kinds of stuff just to see what all the fuss is about.

I am nowhere NEAR making a decision.

The security features in git bug me and intrigue me at the same time.

The mixture of the email address requirement and the SHA-1 hashes means that there IS some kind of fingerprinting mechanism

But from Linus' point of view - that is a GOOD THING.... right?

I am unsure.

THE MOST LIKELY approach will probably be to maintain multiple repositories.

THAT in itself will probably become a project.

I should go write that down.  More green!

-------

Let's just call this all what it is - an experiment.

I am trying to see what I am going to end up using most of the time, GitHub, BitBucket or SourceForge...

I have to say that the whole Must Pay To Be Private thing here is a real buzzkill.

That being said - this wiki-text based editor doesn't suck and this is the only place that has it.

-------

And now that the 'newness' factor has worn off and I have gone through a wave & trough of creative output whilst trying

to shove myself through the keyhole that is this format...

I will say a few thing about what I have learned:

No one seems to be in it for the End User Experience.

These tools - all of them - Suck.  And they suck for a variety of ways.

I am old enough to be nostalgic for the days when using computers was an asocial experience.

The constant need to be a shill for One's Own Brand is exhausting and robs us from the experience of Being Ourselves.

Instead we always have to Sell Ourselves - which is quite another thing.

I still take a very critical view upon what is most likely the key to success - the personal feeds.

Can I see how they might be used for good & not for yuck?  (Selfishness is a mild form of wrong, usually barely called

"Evil")  Sure.  But is it designed to enhance those uses?  Nope.

GitHub is a monoculture.  That is a failing.  It is a bad name choice.

Embracing diversity does not mean giving up yourself it means opening opportunities.

That git rolls identity information into source control is at best Paranoid and at worst insidious and threatens

a chilling effect.  That this is combined with an unquestionable One-True-Way frankly makes ME paranoid.

BUT ... (and there's always that word or you haven't done your research properly) ... It IS inherently USEFUL.

I hate to say it but I can see a very simple way to extend this platform in two directions that would add

tremendous value.

But you don't expect me to just open-source THOSE do you?  Oh, maybe you do.
